Fix #1962: Add additional data to activation creation/initiation (#1965)
lime-company/powerauth-server: docs/WebServices-Methods.md

| `DateTime`                | `timestampActivationExpire` | Timestamp after when the activation cannot be completed anymore                                                                                                                                                                                       |
| `Long`                    | `maxFailureCount`           | How many failures are allowed for this activation                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| `ActivationOtpValidation` | `activationOtpValidation`   | *Deprecated* optional activation OTP validation mode, use the `activationOtp` parameter during activation init or activation commit to control the OTP check. Use the `commitPhase` parameter for specifying when the activation should be committed. |

> | `CommitPhase`             | `commitPhase`               | Optional parameter for for specifying when the activation should be committed. Allowed values: `ON_COMMIT` (default) and `ON_KEY_EXCHANGE`.                                                                                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `CommitPhase`             | `commitPhase`               | Optional parameter to specify when the activation should be committed. Allowed values: `ON_COMMIT` (default) and `ON_KEY_EXCHANGE`.                                                                                                           |
```

Author: Nice. It was not my change, just formatting, but yes, let's fix it.

| `String`                  | `activationId`               | An identifier of an activation                                                                 |
| `ActivationStatus`        | `activationStatus`           | An activation status                                                                           |
| `ActivationOtpValidation` | `activationOtpValidation`    | An activation OTP validation mode (*deprecated*)                                               |
| `CommitPhase`             | `commitPhase`                | Specifies when activation is committed                                                         |
| `String`                  | `blockedReason`              | Reason why activation was blocked (default: NOT_SPECIFIED)                                     |
| `String`                  | `activationName`             | An activation name                                                                             |
| `String`                  | `userId`                     | An identifier of a user                                                                        |

> | `String`                  | `extras`                     | Any custom attributes                                                                          |

Reviewer 2: Any custom attributes set through SDK

| `DateTime`                | `timestampLastUsed`          | A timestamp when the activation was last used                                                  |
| `DateTime`                | `timestampLastChange`        | A timestamp of last activation status change                                                   |
| `String`                  | `encryptedStatusBlob`        | An encrypted blob with status information                                                      |
| `String`                  | `activationCode`             | Activation code which uses 4x5 characters in Base32 encoding separated by a "-" character      |
| `String`                  | `activationSignature`        | A signature of the activation data using Master Server Private Key                             |
| `String`                  | `devicePublicKeyFingerprint` | Numeric fingerprint of device public key, used during activation for key verification          |
| `Long`                    | `version`                    | Activation version                                                                             |

> | `Object`                  | `additionaData`              | Optional additional data specified during creation/initiation, structure is customer-specific. |

Reviewer 2: The activation's custom attributes set through a private API in a free JSON structure

- As of now additionalData can be specified only during creation or initialization, but as extension it will probably be available for modification.
- And we do not specify nullability for results.
- We mostly do not use dots. WE should stick to the same style.
